Adding .github (#14)
Rishit-dagli/pod-3.1.2-portfolio: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

## :camera: Screenshots
<!-- Show us what you've changed, we love images. -->

## :page_facing_up: Context

> <!-- Why did you change something? Is there an [issue](https://github.com/Rishit-dagli/Greenathon-Plant-AI/issues) to link here? Or an external link? -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Why did you change something? Is there an [issue](https://github.com/Rishit-dagli/pod-3.1.2-portfolio/issues) to link here? Or an external link? -->
```
